# Code



- `commitment_run_oggm.py`: Run the OGGM flowline model for all glaciers of the Rofental Basin under a random climate based on the HistAlp climate between 1984 and 2014. The random model is initialized with the same seed (12), the get reproducible results. The run output is stored with the suffix `_commitment` in the working directory (`../working_directories/commitment_run_oggm/`) as netCDF file.

- `commitment_run_vas.py`: Run the volume/area scaling model for all glaciers of the Rofental Basin under a random climate based on the HistAlp climate between 1984
  and 2014. The random model is initialized with the same seed (12), the get reproducible results. The run output is stored with the suffix `_commitment` in the working directory (`../working_directories/commitment_run_vas/`) as netCDF file.

- `compare.py`: Evolution of length, area and volume of HEF over the HistAlp climate period (1802-2003). Comparing the volume/area scaling approach to the OGGM flowline model dynamics. The script uses data generated by `run_comparison.py`.

- `comparison_function.py`: Combines the `run_comparison.py` and `compare.py` script into one routine, which can be called with the RGI ID and the glacier name as parameters (hence is more universal).

- `equilibrium_run.py`: This script runs the VAS and flowline model for a single (or more) glacier(s) with a constant (or random) massbalance model, performing equilibrium
  experiments.

- `eval_eq_runs.py`: Combines run output datasets from different (vas vs. flowline) model types into one. (I don't know anymore if I need that or not...)

- matlab_comparison.py

- mb_calibration.py

- mb_calibration_vas.py

- mb_calibration_vas_RGI6_HISTALP.py

- model_ben_matlab

- prepo_template.py

- ret_t_star_list.py

- `run_vas.py`: Set up a full run with the volume/area scaling model from start to finish. This includes: a) initialisation and calibration, b) the mass balance model, c) the 'dynamic' model. 

  The results are stored under `run_vas.csv` in the `../data/` directory. The plots show the temporal evolution of glacier length, surface area and volume and are store under `length/area/volume_vas.png` in the `../plots/` directory. 

- `run_comparison.py`: Set up a full run with both evolution models, i.e. the volume/area scaling model and the OGGM flowline model, for the Upper Grindelwald Glacier. Both models run over the entire HistAlp period.

  The results are stored under `run_comparison.csv` in the `../data/` directory. The plots show the temporal evolution of glacier length, surface area and volume (for both models on the same axes) and are stored under `length/area/volume.png` in the `../plots/` directory. 

- `run_oggm.py`: Set up a full run with the volume/area scaling model from start to finish. This includes: a) initialisation and calibration, b) the mass balance model, c) the 'dynamic' model. 

  The results are stored under `run_oggm.csv` in the `../data/` directory. The plots show the temporal evolution of glacier length, surface area and volume and are store under `length/area/volume_oggm.png` in the `../plots/` directory. 

- seek_start_area.py

- set_up_run.py

- start_area.py

- tmp.py

- unused_snippets.py